What's so great about this ancient wall?
He is a modern imitation
And the imitation is very cracked. Shut up.
Mr. Xue, it seems that the program has changed.
Mr. Xue, can you see what this is?
Can't see
But Liang Wanfeng's words didn't leave
This village is not even worthy of walking
There should be no suspense.
But why am I so excited?
I don't know.
Could this be right?
This is one of the top of Kyushu
That's right, it's wine and meat
The record above also has this pattern
Haha this texture
I said how can such a big top be lost?
Later generations can only imitate the sun and redo it
Haha, so?
He is so small
I heard that this top is made of iron from outer clouds
No rust, no corrosion.
I really do
Haha, think about it.
How could such a large piece of metal fall from the sky?
The material itself is limited
It is also possible to cast 9 cattle
How can it be big?
Dad, you can't read it wrong, can you?
How could I read your dad wrong if you don't make such a thing?
Can you witness this history in this lifetime?
No matter what?
This is Jiutoulingna
Isn't that priceless?